--- Page 1 ---
Feeder Configuration
Feeder Configuration
From the name itself “Feeder Configuration”, this is the part of the platform that is responsible for
configuring the set-up of all the available Feed/Feeders. The main purpose of this is to enable
automation of the “M apping” process in different aspects and circumstances. As could be seen in
the Feeder Configuration, There are 3 filters that could be used to be more specific with setting up
the automation of the mapping process from different feeds for specific leagues in different
categories. 
3/2/26, 5:59 PM QNX Admin Manual - Feeder Configuration
https://sites.google.com/view/qnx-platform-manual/sport/feeder-configuration 1/7

--- Page 2 ---
Feeder Configuration on top has a Filter, which can be used by admin to filter feeder
configuration by sport, category, and league:
Sport - is where admin can choose which sports feeder configuration will be filtered below.
Only one sport can be selected from the filter list. List is dynamic and expands how new
sports are added by feeder providers.
Category - is where admin can choose which category (under chosen sport) feeder
configuration will be filtered below. To be able to choose a category, admins need to select a
sport from the Sport filter. Only one category can be selected from the filter list. List is
dynamic and expands how new categories under sport are mapped.
League - is where admin can choose which league (under chosen category) feeder
configuration will be filtered below. To be able to choose a league, admins need to select a
category from the Category filter. Only one league can be selected from the filter list. List is
dynamic and expands how new leagues under category and sport are mapped.
3/2/26, 5:59 PM QNX Admin Manual - Feeder Configuration
https://sites.google.com/view/qnx-platform-manual/sport/feeder-configuration 2/7

--- Page 3 ---
Feeder ConfigurationFeeder Incidents Configuration could only be seen once a specific kind
of Sport is selected. It will appear at the bottom of the Feeder Configuration. While certain
incidents that are provided by different feeds could be set up. It could be done specifically for
each League or Category of a certain Sport. On top is a list of Feeder providers, where for each of
them configuration for a different system action can be configured.
NOTE: Setting that is set on a higher level is showing inside a ( ), for example, if "Automapping
enabled" is set as "Yes" for Soccer sport, but inside Category "England" admin sets it to "No"
setting will show as "(Yes) No". Higher level configuration will show just for 1 level above, so for
Category configuration it will show setting for Sport and for League it will show for Category. If
any setting for feeder configuration system action is "Not set", setting from higher level will apply.
If the higher-level setting is "Not set" then it will be considered as feeder configuration system
action is set to "No" or disabled.
Feeder configuration system actions that feeder configuration can be applied to:
Automapping enabled - if set to:
Yes - will enable automapping of events that already have been mapped in the system:
sport, category, league, and teams, in already created events.
No - will disable automapping of events that already have been mapped in the system:
sport, category, league, and teams, in already created events.
Automapping teams enabled- if set to:
Yes - will enable automapping of teams that are already mapped in the system.
No - will disable automapping of teams that are already mapped in the system.
Automappingstarttimethreshold(inhours) -settingiswhereadmincanseteventstart
3/2/26, 5:59 PM QNX Admin Manual - Feeder Configuration
https://sites.google.com/view/qnx-platform-manual/sport/feeder-configuration 3/7

--- Page 4 ---
utoappg stat te tesod ( ous)  settg s ee ad  ca set eet stat
time threshold in hours. This setting will allow a new event (that can be automapped by the
system) to automap an already created event if the start time difference/threshold is not
longer than set here.
Auto live offer - if set to:
Yes - will enable the auto-live offer to be set by feeder for the event.
No - will disable the auto-live offer to be set by feeder for the event.
Automap neutral grounds- if set to:
Yes - will enable automapping of events that are set as neutral ground in already created
events.
No - will disable automapping of events that are set as neutral ground in already created
events.
Auto update start time rank - setting is where admin can set priority between feeders.
Feeders with a higher number set have a higher priority, feeders with a higher number will
auto-set the start time of the event, if more feeders are mapped at the same time for the
event.
 M arket mapping behavior- if set to:
At Least One Active - will enable automapping of eventswith at least one active market in
an event that is already created in the system.
All Active - will enable automapping of events only if all markets are active in an event
that is already created in the system.
Auto create domain event- if set to:
Yes - will enable the auto-create of events that are already mapped in the system.
No - will disable the auto-create of events that are already mapped in the system.
Auto create domain player- if set to:
Yes - will enable the auto-create of player/team that is not already mapped in the system.
No - will disable the auto-create of player/team that are not already mapped in the
system.
Automap market type enabled- if set to:
Yes - will enable automapping of market types that are already mapped in the system.
No - will disable automapping of market types that are already mapped in the system.
Auto create market type enabled- if set to:
Yes - will enable the create of a market type that is not already mapped in the system.
No - will disable the create of a market type that is not already mapped in the system.
Settlement enabled- if set to:
Yes - will enable auto-settlement of event marketsby the feeder.
3/2/26, 5:59 PM QNX Admin Manual - Feeder Configuration
https://sites.google.com/view/qnx-platform-manual/sport/feeder-configuration 4/7

--- Page 5 ---
No - will disable auto-settlement of event markets by the feeder.
Resettlement enabled- if set to:
Yes - will enable auto-resettlement of event markets by the feeder.
No - will disable auto-resettlement of event markets by the feeder.
Bet void enabled- if set to:
Yes - will enable auto settlement to void the status of event markets by the feeder.
No - will disable auto settlement to void the status of event markets by the feeder.
Bet void rollback enabled- if set to:
Yes - will enable autovoid status settlement rollback to initial settlement of event markets
by the feeder.
No - will disable autovoid status settlement rollback to initial settlement of event markets
by the feeder.
Auto map one to many enabled- if set to:
Yes - will enable automapping of events that are already mapped in the system to already
created events with the same opponents but with different start times for the same
event.
No - will disable automapping of events that are already mapped in the system to already
created events with the same opponents but with different start times for the same
event.
External trading service enabled- if set to:
Yes - will enable external trading service.
No - will disable external trading services.
3/2/26, 5:59 PM QNX Admin Manual - Feeder Configuration
https://sites.google.com/view/qnx-platform-manual/sport/feeder-configuration 5/7

--- Page 6 ---
Feeder Incidents Configurationcould only be seen once a specific kind of Sport is selected.
It will appear at the bottom of the Feeder Configuration. While certain incidents that are provided
by different feeds could be set up. It could be done specifically for each League or Category of a
certain Sport. On top is a list of Feeder providers, where for each of them configuration for a
different system action can be configured.
Feeder Incidents Configuration setting can be applied for:
Score - it will load score data if the feeder provides it and if the setting is set to Yes.
Time- it will loadtime data if the feeder provides it and if the setting is set to Yes.
Live State - it will loadlive state if the feeder provides it and if the setting is set to Yes.
Incidents - it will loadincident data if the feeder provides it and if the setting is set to Yes.
Stats - it will load stats data if the feeder provides it and if the setting is set to Yes.
Podcast - it will load podcast data if the feeder provides it and if the setting is set to Yes.
Weather - it will load weather data if the feeder provides it and if the setting is set to Yes.
Pitch - it will load pitch information data if the feeder provides it and if the setting is set to
Yes.
Surface - it will load surface information data if the feeder provides it and if the setting is set
to Yes.
Video - it will load the video URL if the feeder provides it and if the setting is set to Yes.
Sort - button allows admin to sort Feed Sources. Feed Source that is placed higher will be
prioritized if the system receives the same data from 2 or more feed sources.
Add "+" - button allows admin to add new Feed Source in Feeder Incidents Configuration list.
SwitchbuttonallowsadmintoEnable/DisableFeedSource
3/2/26, 5:59 PM QNX Admin Manual - Feeder Configuration
https://sites.google.com/view/qnx-platform-manual/sport/feeder-configuration 6/7

--- Page 7 ---
Switch - button allows admin to Enable/Disable Feed Source.
Edit - button allows admins to configure which data Feed Source will provide.
Save - button will save changes in Feeder Incidents Configuration setting.
Cancel - button will cancel changes in Feeder Incidents Configuration setting and close it.
QNX Admin
QNX Admin Stage
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or
by any means, including photocopying, recording, or other electronic or mechanical methods, without the
prior written permission of the publisher.
Copyright © 2024
QNX Manual v.25092025
3/2/26, 5:59 PM QNX Admin Manual - Feeder Configuration
https://sites.google.com/view/qnx-platform-manual/sport/feeder-configuration 7/7